fix: attach container stdin on tutor dev start <service> (#1152)
overhangio/tutor: changelog.d/20241205_211837_danyal.faheem_add_dev_attach_command.md

> - [Improvement] Attach container stdin when running tutor dev start <service> for debugging. (by @Danyal-Faheem)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Bugfix] Fix breakpoint debugging by attaching container stdin when running tutor dev start <service> for a single <service>. (by @Danyal-Faheem)
```

I'd consider this a bugfix, since the docs have incorrectly stated that this worked for a while.
